Minutes of F2F63 in Seattle (#215)
cabforum/cabforum.org: content/posts/2024/2024-10-f2f63-seattle/forum/index.md

    * 67% of all revocations is superseded but poisoned by a single issuing CA.   
    * Without godaddy 71% unspecified.   
    * Graphs for the issuing CA with largest revocation sets were presented  
    * Conclusion is that there needs to be better guidance and harmonisation on the revocation reason codes. It is suggested the TLS BR need to be modified / improved  
  * Questions / discussion  
    * Revocation reasons  
      * Somebody asked why reason codes are needed at all: Ben responded they want to segregate security-sensitive from administrative revocations. What when customers submitted the wrong reason?   
      * Trev mentioned that the only relevant one is key compromise, the others seem to be insignificant. Key compromise seems to be the only one consumers are not confused about.   
      * LetsEncrypt remarked that 99% of revocations are at the request of the ACME client. Their distribution has very little to do with their policy, but more with ACME client implementation. For the unspecified, a huge chunk of that is their own testing.
      * Trev remarked that CA can't educate users on the reasons.  

>       * Ryan Dickinson said if we want to group everything security sensitive under key\_compromise this might unintentionally blacklist certain keys for no further issuance even if that is not required  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      * Ryan D said if we want to group everything security sensitive under key\_compromise this might unintentionally blocklist certain keys for no further issuance even if that is not required  
```
